gh-90385: Add `pathlib.Path.walk()` method (#92517)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

   to the directory after creating the iterator, whether a path object for
   that file be included is unspecified.

.. method:: Path.walk(top_down=True, on_error=None, follow_symlinks=False)

   Generate the file names in a directory tree by walking the tree
   either top-down or bottom-up.

   For each directory in the directory tree rooted at *self* (including
   *self* but excluding '.' and '..'), the method yields a 3-tuple of

>    ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)``.
```

   *dirpath* is a :class:`Path` to the directory currently being walked,
   *dirnames* is a list of strings for the names of subdirectories in *dirpath*
   (excluding ``'.'`` and ``'..'``), and *filenames* is a list of strings for
   the names of the non-directory files in *dirpath*. To get a full path
   (which begins with *self*) to a file or directory in *dirpath*, do
   ``dirpath / name``. Whether or not the lists are sorted is file
   system-dependent.

>    If optional argument *top_down* is true or not specified, the triple for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the optional argument *top_down* is true (which is the default), the triple for a
```

   directory is generated before the triples for any of its subdirectories
   (directories are walked top-down).  If *top_down* is false, the triple
   for a directory is generated after the triples for all of its subdirectories
   (directories are walked bottom-up). No matter the value of *top_down*, the

>    list of subdirectories is retrieved before the tuples for the directory and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   list of subdirectories is retrieved before the triples for the directory and
```

   its subdirectories are walked.

   When *top_down* is true, the caller can modify the *dirnames* list in-place

>    (For example, using :keyword:`del` or slice assignment), and :meth:`Path.walk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (for example, using :keyword:`del` or slice assignment), and :meth:`Path.walk`
```

   will only recurse into the subdirectories whose names remain in *dirnames*;

>    this can be used to prune the search, or to impose a specific order of visiting,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   will only recurse into the subdirectories whose names remain in *dirnames*.
   This can be used to prune the search, or to impose a specific order of visiting,
```

   or even to inform :meth:`Path.walk` about directories the caller creates or
   renames before it resumes :meth:`Path.walk` again. Modifying *dirnames* when

>    *top_down* is false has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()`, since the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *top_down* is false has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()` since the
```

   directories in *dirnames* have already been generated by the time *dirnames*
   is yielded to the caller.

   By default, errors from :func:`os.scandir` are ignored.  If the optional
   argument *on_error* is specified, it should be a callable; it will be

>    called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. It can handle the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. The callable can handle the
```

   error to continue the walk or re-raise it to stop the walk. Note that the
   filename is available as the ``filename`` attribute of the exception object.

   By default, :meth:`Path.walk` does not follow symbolic links, and instead adds them
   to the *filenames* list. Set *follow_symlinks* to true to resolve symlinks
   and place them in *dirnames* and *filenames* as appropriate for their targets, and
   consequently visit directories pointed to by symlinks (where supported).

   .. note::

      Be aware that setting *follow_symlinks* to true can lead to infinite
      recursion if a link points to a parent directory of itself. :meth:`Path.walk`
      does not keep track of the directories it has already visited.

   .. note::

>       :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories it walks are not been modified during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories it walks are not modified during
```

      execution. For example, if a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced
      with a symlink and *follow_symlinks* is false, :meth:`Path.walk` will
      still try to descend into it. To prevent such behavior, remove directories
      from *dirnames* as appropriate.

   .. note::

>       Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` lists symlinks to directories into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` lists symlinks to directories in
```

      *filenames* if *follow_symlinks* is false.

   This example displays the number of bytes used by all files in each directory,
   while ignoring ``__pycache__`` directories.

>    :file:`__pycache__` subdirectory::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   while ignoring ``__pycache__`` directories::
```

   either top-down or bottom-up.

   For each directory in the directory tree rooted at *self* (including
   *self* but excluding '.' and '..'), the method yields a 3-tuple of
   ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)``

   *dirpath* is a :class:`Path` to the directory currently being walked,
   *dirnames* is a list of strings for the names of subdirectories in *dirpath*
   (excluding ``'.'`` and ``'..'``), and *filenames* is a list of strings for
   the names of the non-directory files in *dirpath*. To get a full path
   (which begins with *self*) to a file or directory in *dirpath*, do
   ``dirpath / name``. Whether or not the lists are sorted is file
   system-dependent.

   If optional argument *top_down* is ``True`` or not specified, the triple for a
   directory is generated before the triples for any of its subdirectories
   (directories are walked top-down).  If *top_down* is ``False``, the triple
   for a directory is generated after the triples for all of its subdirectories
   (directories are walked bottom-up). No matter the value of *top_down*, the
   list of subdirectories is retrieved before the tuples for the directory and
   its subdirectories are walked.

>    When *top_down* is True, the caller can modify the *dirnames* list in-place

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When *top_down* is ``True``, the caller can modify the *dirnames* list in-place
```

   (For example, using :keyword:`del` or slice assignment), and :meth:`Path.walk`
   will only recurse into the subdirectories whose names remain in *dirnames*;
   this can be used to prune the search, or to impose a specific order of visiting,
   or even to inform :meth:`Path.walk` about directories the caller creates or
   renames before it resumes :meth:`Path.walk` again. Modifying *dirnames* when

>    *top_down* is False has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()`, since the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   *top_down* is ``False`` has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()`, since the
```

   directories in *dirnames* have already been generated by the time *dirnames*
   is yielded to the caller.

   By default, errors from :func:`os.scandir` are ignored.  If the optional
   argument *on_error* is specified, it should be a callable; it will be
   called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. It can handle the
   error to continue the walk or re-raise it to stop the walk. Note that the
   filename is available as the ``filename`` attribute of the exception object.

   By default, :meth:`Path.walk` will not follow symbolic links that
   resolve to directories.  Set *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` to visit directories

>    pointed to by symlinks (where supported).

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion:

```suggestion
   By default, :meth:`Path.walk` does not follow symbolic links, and instead adds them
   to the *filenames* list. Set *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` to resolve symlinks
   and place them in *dirnames* and *filenames* as appropriate for their targets, and
   consequently visit directories pointed to by symlinks (where supported).
```

Author: I don't like the fact that we use both "as appropriate" and "where supported" but I prefer your version to mine nonetheless.

Reviewer 2: I'm not quite sure what the "where supported" bit means, so if you wanted to remove it, you certainly could!

   .. note::

      Be aware that setting *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` can lead to infinite
      recursion if a link points to a parent directory of itself. :meth:`Path.walk`
      does not keep track of the directories it has already visited.

   .. note::
      :meth:`Path.walk` assumes that the current working directory does not change while
      walking relative paths.

> 

Reviewer 2: So does `Path.glob()`. Do we need to call this out?

Author: I guess not. I'd rather follow what we do in pathlib and remove it

      with a symlink and *follow_symlinks* = ``False``, :meth:`Path.walk` will
      still try to descend into it. To prevent such behavior, remove directories
      from *dirnames* as appropriate.

   .. note::

      Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` lists symlinks to directories into
      *filenames* if *follow_symlinks* is ``False``.

   This example displays the number of bytes used by all files in each directory,
   while ignoring ``__pycache__`` directories.
   :file:`__pycache__` subdirectory::

      from pathlib import Path
      for root, dirs, files in Path("cpython/Lib/concurrent").walk(on_error=print):
        print(
            root,
            "consumes",
            sum((root / file).stat().st_size for file in files),
            "bytes in",
            len(files),
            "non-directory files"
        )
        if '__pycache__' in dirs:
              dirs.remove('__pycache__')

   This next example is a simple implementation of :func:`shutil.rmtree`.
   Walking the tree bottom-up is essential as :func:`rmdir` doesn't allow
   deleting a directory before it is empty::

      # Delete everything reachable from the directory "top",

>       # assuming there are no symbolic links.

Reviewer 2: What part of this algorithm assumes that there are no symbolic links? It looks like it should work to me.

Author: You're right

      walking relative paths.

   .. note::
      :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories it walks are not been modified during
      execution. For example, if a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced
      with a symlink and *follow_symlinks* = ``False``, :meth:`Path.walk` will
      still try to descend into it. To prevent such behavior, remove directories
      from *dirnames* as appropriate.

   .. note::

      Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` lists symlinks to directories into
      *filenames* if *follow_symlinks* is ``True``.

   This example displays the number of bytes used by all files in each directory,
   while ignoring `__pycache__` directories.
   :file:`__pycache__` subdirectory::

      from pathlib import Path
      for root, dirs, files in Path("cpython/Lib/concurrent").walk(on_error=print):
        print(
            root,
            "consumes",
            sum((root / file).stat().st_size for file in files),
            "bytes in",
            len(files),
            "non-directory files"
        )
        if '__pycache__' in dirs:
              dirs.remove('__pycache__')

>    This next example is asimple implementation of :func:`shutil.rmtree`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   This next example is a simple implementation of :func:`shutil.rmtree`.
```

   to the directory after creating the iterator, whether a path object for
   that file be included is unspecified.

.. method:: Path.walk(top_down=True, on_error=None, follow_symlinks=False)

   Generate the file names in a directory tree by walking the tree
   either top-down or bottom-up.

   For each directory in the directory tree rooted at *self* (including

>    *self* but excluding '.' and '..'), yields a 3-tuple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *self* but excluding '.' and '..'), the method yields a 3-tuple of
```

   ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)``

>    *dirpath* is a :class:`Path` to the directory, *dirnames* is a list of the names
>    of the subdirectories in *dirpath* (excluding ``'.'`` and ``'..'``), and
>    *filenames* is a list of the names of the non-directory files in *dirpath*.
>    Note that the names in the lists contain no path components. To get a full
>    path (which begins with *self*) to a file or directory in *dirpath*, do
>    ``dirpath / name``. Whether or not the lists are sorted depends on the file
>    system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *dirpath* is a :class:`Path` to the directory currently being walked,
   *dirnames* is a list of strings for the names of subdirectories in *dirpath*
   (excluding ``'.'`` and ``'..'``), and *filenames* is a list of strings for
   the names of the non-directory files in *dirpath*. To get a full path
   (which begins with *self*) to a file or directory in *dirpath*, do
   ``dirpath / name``. Whether or not the lists are sorted is file
   system-dependent.
```

   If optional argument *top_down* is ``True`` or not specified, the triple for a
   directory is generated before the triples for any of its subdirectories

>    (directories are generated top-down).  If *top_down* is ``False``, the triple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (directories are walked top-down).  If *top_down* is ``False``, the triple
```

   for a directory is generated after the triples for all of its subdirectories

>    (directories are generated bottom-up). No matter the value of *top_down*, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (directories are walked bottom-up). No matter the value of *top_down*, the
```

   list of subdirectories is retrieved before the tuples for the directory and

>    its subdirectories are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   its subdirectories are walked.
```

   When *top_down* is True, the caller can modify the *dirnames* list in-place
   (For example, using :keyword:`del` or slice assignment), and :meth:`Path.walk`
   will only recurse into the subdirectories whose names remain in *dirnames*;
   this can be used to prune the search, or to impose a specific order of visiting,
   or even to inform :meth:`Path.walk` about directories the caller creates or
   renames before it resumes :meth:`Path.walk` again. Modifying *dirnames* when
   *top_down* is False has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()`, since the
   directories in *dirnames* have already been generated by the time *dirnames*
   is yielded to the caller.

>    By default errors from :func:`os.scandir` call are ignored.  If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, errors from :func:`os.scandir` are ignored.  If the
```

   optional argument *on_error* is specified, it should be a callable; it
   will be called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. It can

>    report the error to continue with the walk, or raise the exception

Reviewer: What do you mean by "report the error to continue the walk"? Do you mean suppress/consume the exception, or else re-raise it?

Author: Yes, exactly that. Please, take a look at these lines again. I tried to clarify and simplify it a little bit.

   to abort the walk. Note that the filename is available as the
   ``filename`` attribute of the exception object.

>    By default, :meth:`Path.walk` will not walk down into symbolic links that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, :meth:`Path.walk` will not follow symbolic links that
```

   resolve to directories.  Set *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` to visit directories

>    pointed to by symlinks, on systems that support them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pointed to by symlinks (where supported).
```

   .. note::

      Be aware that setting *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` can lead to infinite
      recursion if a link points to a parent directory of itself. :meth:`Path.walk`

>       does not keep track of the directories it visited already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      does not keep track of the directories it has already visited.
```

   .. note::

>       This method assumes that the current working directory is not changing while
>       walking relative paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This method assumes that the current working directory does not change while
      walking relative paths.
```

>    .. note::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   .. note::
```

>       :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories have not been modified between
>       its resumptions. For example, if a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories it walks are not been modified during
      execution. For example, if a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced
```

      with a symlink and *follow_symlinks* = ``False``, :meth:`Path.walk` will
      still try to descend into it. To prevent such behavior, remove directories

>       from *dirnames* if they have been modified and you do not want to
>       descend into them anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      from *dirnames* as appropriate.
```

>    .. note::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::
```

>       Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` adds symlinks to directories into *filenames*
>       if *follow_symlinks* is ``True``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` lists symlinks to directories into
      *filenames* if *follow_symlinks* is ``True``.
```

Is this a good idea? Mixing directory names and file names simply because they are a symlink seems a bit dangerous. Is there a reason why a directory symlink ends up in *filenames* instead of *dirnames*?

Author: Looks like a typo in my docs. Will check it right now.

Author: It is a typo. It was supposed to be "is False"

>    This example displays the number of bytes taken by non-directory files in each
>    directory under the starting directory, except that it doesn't look under any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This example displays the number of bytes used by all files in each directory,
   while ignoring `__pycache__` directories.
```

   :file:`__pycache__` subdirectory::

      from pathlib import Path
      for root, dirs, files in Path("cpython/Lib/concurrent").walk(on_error=print):
        print(
            root,
            "consumes",
            sum((root / file).stat().st_size for file in files),
            "bytes in",
            len(files),
            "non-directory files"
        )
        if '__pycache__' in dirs:
              dirs.remove('__pycache__')

>    In the next example (simple implementation of :func:`shutil.rmtree`),
>    walking the tree bottom-up is essential, :func:`rmdir` doesn't allow
>    deleting a directory before the directory is empty::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This next example is asimple implementation of :func:`shutil.rmtree`.
   Walking the tree bottom-up is essential as :func:`rmdir` doesn't allow
   deleting a directory before it is empty::
```

      # Delete everything reachable from the directory "top",
      # assuming there are no symbolic links.
      # CAUTION:  This is dangerous!  For example, if top == Path('/'),

>       # it could delete all your disk files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # it could delete all of your files.
```

   to the directory after creating the iterator, whether a path object for
   that file be included is unspecified.

.. method:: Path.walk(top_down=True, on_error=None, follow_symlinks=False)

   Generate the file names in a directory tree by walking the tree
   either top-down or bottom-up.

   For each directory in the directory tree rooted at *self* (including
   *self* but excluding '.' and '..'), yields a 3-tuple
   ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)``

>    *dirpath* is a Path to the directory, *dirnames* is a list of the names

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   *dirpath* is a :class:`Path` to the directory, *dirnames* is a list of the names
```

   of the subdirectories in *dirpath* (excluding ``'.'`` and ``'..'``), and
   *filenames* is a list of the names of the non-directory files in *dirpath*.
   Note that the names in the lists contain no path components. To get a full
   path (which begins with *self*) to a file or directory in *dirpath*, do
   ``dirpath / name``. Whether or not the lists are sorted depends on the file
   system. If a file or a directory is removed from or added to the *dirpath*
   during the generation of *dirnames* and *filenames*, it is uncertain whether

>    the new entry will appear in the generated lists.

Reviewer 2: I don't follow this sentence. Would it not apply to `glob()`, `iterdir()` etc too? If so, why call it out here specifically?

   If optional argument *top_down* is ``True`` or not specified, the triple for a
   directory is generated before the triples for any of its subdirectories
   (directories are generated top-down).  If *top_down* is ``False``, the triple
   for a directory is generated after the triples for all of its subdirectories
   (directories are generated bottom-up). No matter the value of *top_down*, the
   list of subdirectories is retrieved before the tuples for the directory and
   its subdirectories are generated.

   When *top_down* is True, the caller can modify the *dirnames* list in-place
   (For example, using :keyword:`del` or slice assignment), and :meth:`Path.walk`
   will only recurse into the subdirectories whose names remain in *dirnames*;
   this can be used to prune the search, or to impose a specific order of visiting,
   or even to inform :meth:`Path.walk` about directories the caller creates or
   renames before it resumes :meth:`Path.walk` again. Modifying *dirnames* when
   *top_down* is False has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()`, since the
   directories in *dirnames* have already been generated by the time *dirnames*
   is yielded to the caller.

>    By default errors from :meth:`Path._scandir` call are ignored.  If

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   By default errors from :func:`os.scandir` call are ignored.  If
```

   optional argument *on_error* is specified, it should be a callable; it
   will be called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. It can
   report the error to continue with the walk, or raise the exception
   to abort the walk. Note that the filename is available as the
   ``filename`` attribute of the exception object.

   By default, :meth:`Path.walk` will not walk down into symbolic links that
   resolve to directories.  Set *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` to visit directories
   pointed to by symlinks, on systems that support them.

   .. note::

      Be aware that setting *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` can lead to infinite
      recursion if a link points to a parent directory of itself. :meth:`Path.walk`
      does not keep track of the directories it visited already.

>    .. note::
>       If self is a relative Path, don't change the current working directory between
>       resumptions of :meth:`Path.walk`. :meth:`Path.walk` never changes the current
>       directory, and assumes that the caller doesn't either.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      This method assumes that the current working directory is not changing while
      walking relative paths.
```

   .. note::

      :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories have not been modified between

>       its resumptions. I.e. If a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      its resumptions. For example, if a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced
```

      with a symlink and *follow_symlinks* = ``False``, :meth:`Path.walk` will
      still try to descend into it. To prevent such behavior, remove directories
      from *dirnames* if they have been modified and you do not want to

>       descend into them anymore.

Reviewer 2: This note feels like unnecessary detail to me - replacing a directory with a symlink is an edge case, and it can already be inferred from the prior section on dirnames that entries should be removed from *dirnames* if they no longer exist, or are no longer directories.

Author: You see, the fact that we still try to descend into these "no-longer-directories" is more of an optimization, and not an intuitive one at that. So I feel like having a short note about it at the end of the documentation of the method won't hurt.

   .. note::

      Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` adds symlinks to directories into *filenames*
      if *follow_symlinks* is ``True``

   This example displays the number of bytes taken by non-directory files in each
   directory under the starting directory, except that it doesn't look under any

>    __pycache__ subdirectory::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :file:`__pycache__` subdirectory::
```

   to the directory after creating the iterator, whether a path object for
   that file be included is unspecified.

.. method:: Path.walk(top_down=True, on_error=None, follow_symlinks=False)

   Generate the file names in a directory tree by walking the tree
   either top-down or bottom-up.

   For each directory in the directory tree rooted at *self* (including
   *self* but excluding '.' and '..'), yields a 3-tuple

>    ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)`` 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ``(dirpath, dirnames, filenames)``
```

   renames before it resumes :meth:`Path.walk` again. Modifying *dirnames* when
   *top_down* is False has no effect on the behavior of :meth:`Path.walk()`, since the
   directories in *dirnames* have already been generated by the time *dirnames*
   is yielded to the caller.

   By default errors from :meth:`Path._scandir` call are ignored.  If
   optional argument *on_error* is specified, it should be a callable; it
   will be called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. It can
   report the error to continue with the walk, or raise the exception
   to abort the walk. Note that the filename is available as the
   ``filename`` attribute of the exception object.

   By default, :meth:`Path.walk` will not walk down into symbolic links that
   resolve to directories.  Set *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` to visit directories
   pointed to by symlinks, on systems that support them.

   .. note::

      Be aware that setting *follow_symlinks* to ``True`` can lead to infinite
      recursion if a link points to a parent directory of itself. :meth:`Path.walk`
      does not keep track of the directories it visited already.

   .. note::

>    

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

      If self is a relative Path, don't change the current working directory between
      resumptions of :meth:`Path.walk`. :meth:`Path.walk` never changes the current
      directory, and assumes that the caller doesn't either.

>    

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

   .. note::

      :meth:`Path.walk` assumes the directories have not been modified between
      its resumptions. I.e. If a directory from *dirnames* has been replaced
      with a symlink and *follow_symlinks* = ``False``, :meth:`Path.walk` will
      still try to descend into it. To prevent such behavior, remove directories

>       from *dirnames* if they have been modified and you do not want to 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      from *dirnames* if they have been modified and you do not want to
```

      descend into them anymore.

   .. note::

      Unlike :func:`os.walk`, :meth:`Path.walk` adds symlinks to directories into *filenames*
      if *follow_symlinks* is ``True``

>    

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

   This example displays the number of bytes taken by non-directory files in each
   directory under the starting directory, except that it doesn't look under any
   __pycache__ subdirectory::

      from pathlib import Path
      for root, dirs, files in Path("cpython/Lib/concurrent").walk(on_error=print):
        print(
            root,
            "consumes",
            sum((root / file).stat().st_size for file in files),
            "bytes in",
            len(files),
            "non-directory files"
        )
        if '__pycache__' in dirs:
              dirs.remove('__pycache__')

>    

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

   In the next example (simple implementation of :func:`shutil.rmtree`),
   walking the tree bottom-up is essential, :func:`rmdir` doesn't allow
   deleting a directory before the directory is empty::

      # Delete everything reachable from the directory "top",
      # assuming there are no symbolic links.
      # CAUTION:  This is dangerous!  For example, if top == Path('/'),
      # it could delete all your disk files.
      for root, dirs, files in top.walk(topdown=False):
          for name in files:
              (root / name).unlink()
          for name in dirs:
              (root / name).rmdir()

>    

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

   list of subdirectories is retrieved before the tuples for the directory and
   its subdirectories are walked.

>    When *top_down* is ``True``, the caller can modify the *dirnames* list in-place

Reviewer 3: In general, we like docs to say `When something is true, blah blah` so that it flows better (code bit stops normal reading) and also implies that the value is duck typed (true-ish, any object that evaluates to True in a boolean context), as is our common practice.  In other words, it is rarely needed to be extremely exact about True/False values.

Reviewer 2: Apologies for leading you in the other direction earlier, @Ovsyanka83. I was aiming for consistency but didn't know about this ^

Author: My problem is that it won't really flow better in cases where we say "set ... to true"

Reviewer: You can have both; you can talk about the default value being ``True``, but when you're talking about what the value does, it's preferred to talk about "true" and "false" things instead of ``True`` and ``False``.

Author: Okay. So I'll go ahead and do the things in a way that makes me feel good because I'm quite lost in this discussion now :D

Let's see if it looks good that way.

Reviewer 3: Yes latest commit is good!
